Python progarming language has the following feature 

1- Interpreted : It directly run the program for the source code .
Internally, Python converts the source code into an intermediate form
called bytecodes which is then translated into native language of specific computer 
to run it . 

2 - Platform Independent 

3 - Free and Open Source

4- Simple

5- Rich Library Support

Current Applications of Python

A number of Linux distributions use installers written in Python example in Ubuntu we have the Ubiquity
Python has seen extensive use in the information security industry, including in exploit development.
Raspberry Pi– single board computer uses Python as its principal user-programming language.
Python is now being used Game Development areas also.


Name Space And Scope in python 

A namespace is a system that has a unique name for each and every object in Python.

A lifetime of a namespace depends upon the scope of objects, if the scope of an object ends, 
the lifetime of that namespace comes to an end. Hence, it is not possible to access 
the inner namespace’s objects from an outer namespace.


   INDENTATION IN PYTHON 
---------------------------

One of the distinctive features of Python is its use of indentation to highlight the 
blocks of code. Whitespace is used for indentation in Python. All statements with the 
same distance to the right belong to the same block of code. If a block has to be more 
deeply nested,it is simply indented further to the right. 


     COMMENTS IN PYTHON 
----------------------------

Single-line comments: Python single-line comment starts with a hashtag symbol with 
no white spaces (#)

Multi-line string as a comment: Python multi-line comment is a piece of text enclosed 
in a delimiter (“””) on each end of the comment. Again there should be no white space 
between delimiter (“””).


Docstrings: Docstrings are a type of comment that is used to show how the program 
works. Docstrings are surrounded by triple quotes (“”” “””). Docstrings are also neglected
 by the interpreter.
